# CSC-461-361-PA5-Lions-Tigers-and-Bears-C-Efficiency-solved

Download Here: [CSC 461/361 PA5 – Lions, Tigers and Bears (C++ Efficiency) solved](https://jarviscodinghub.com/assignment/pa5-lions-tigers-and-bears-c-efficiency-solution/)

For Custom/Original Work email jarviscodinghub@gmail.com/whatsapp +1(541)423-7793

• Learn o Implicit, Return Value Opt, Proxy, Compiler settings o Understand C++ language from an optimization perspective
RUN ALL TESTS in VISUAL STUDIO with F5 (with debugging)
1. Convert a given Class A to remove implicit conversions • Do Not Change ANY compiler settings – this project is very sensitive o Convert all methods to prevent the implicit conversion • Test the code Class A o Originally compiled with the unaltered class  Only warnings (no errors)  Run in Debug / Release mode  Save the text files – (need them later) • Debug – Implicit conversion.txt • Release – Implicit conversion.txt o Compile with the new protected class  Should generate compiler errors  Cut and paste the compiler errors into a txt file • Errors – for implicit conversion • Error.txt – (need the file later)
Optimization C++ Programming Assignment 1
Optimized C++ PA -5 Fall 2015 Keenan o Switch the data to all floats  Run the code again in Debug / Release mode  Save the text files – need them later • Debug – NO Implicit conversion.txt • Release – NO Implicit conversion.txt • Please create an Output file to mimic the reference text. o You can cut and paste this output file by hand  That’s why you saved the previous 5 files  To use for cut and paste
2. Convert a given Class B to use Return Value Optimizations • Do Not Change ANY compiler settings – this project is very sensitive • Convert the class B to use the return value optimizations o Single step the code in debug and release o Print constructors and destructors to help prove to you that it’s working • Only for your use, do not test with those prints • Loop the code to show that there are savings with and without RVO o Used the supplied timer o Stress it and see the performance difference o Output the findings to a text file • Please create an Output file to mimic the reference text. o You can cut and paste this output file by hand o Same as before • You need {With/Without RVO} for {Debug/Release} • So it will take 4 runs to get the complete data
3. Convert a given Class C rework to use proxy object • Do Not Change ANY compiler settings – this project is very sensitive • Convert the class C to use proxy object optimizations • Write an more optimized function at the center of the proxy object o Loop the code to show that there are savings with and without proxy objects • Used the supplied timer • Stress it and see the performance difference • Output the findings to a text file • Please create an Output file to mimic the reference text. o You can cut and paste this output file by hand • same as before
Optimization C++ Programming Assignment 2
Optimized C++ PA -5 Fall 2015 Keenan
4. Take C++ Benchmarks as the stress test • Measure the timing with default setting in the compiler o For the original C++ Benchmarks • Adjust and research the compiler settings • Measure the difference. o Write the before and after in an output text file • Instructor will provide the C++ Benchmarks program o Make all your changes in MR_FAST mode, not anything else • Please create Output files to mimic the reference text. o You can cut and paste this output file by hand o Also list your modifications to the compiler in that MR_FAST file
General: • Write all programs in cross-platform C or C++. o Optimize for execution speed and robustness. • Create a programming file for each problem, for example o Student directory  /PA5/P5_Implicit/…  /PA5/ P5_Proxy/…  /PA5/ P5_RVO/…  /PA5/ P5_ Benchmarks/… o Make sure that each problem can be compiled and run through the checked in solution • Do all your work by yourself o Feel free to talk with others about setup, version control, ideas o But do not copy your friend’s code.  Please don’t – I can tell with my difference tools o Feel free to share ideas • Fill out the submission Report • Check in the problems multiple times, at least 3 times per problem o Have reasonable check-in comments o Seriously, I’m checking • Make sure that your program compiles and runs o Warning level 4, some times that is not possible due to MS headers… o Your code should be squeaky clean.
Optimization C++ Programming Assignment 3
Optimized C++ PA -5 Fall 2015 Keenan • We are using Perforce o You should have received the document describing how to login.  Please look at the documentation and videos under the reference directory o Submit program to perforce in your student directory  Sub directory called: /PA5/… • As described above o All your code must compile from perforce with no modifications.  Otherwise it’s a 0, no exceptions
Simple check list to make sure that everything is checked in correctly • Did you do all 4 problems? • Do they compile and run without any errors? • Warning level 4 free (or as close as you can go)? • Submitted it into /PA5 directory? • Can you delete you local drive, regrab the PA5 directory? o Is all the code there? o Does it compile? • Did you check in your text files?
Most assignments will have hints in a section like this. • Do many little check-ins o Iteration is easy and it helps. o Perforce is good at it. • Look at the lecture notes! o A lot of good ideas in there. o The code in the examples work. • Use the Piazza o This is different than the last assignment.
